Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. —Robert Collier
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. —Stephen Covey
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value. —Albert Einstein
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. —Winston Churchill
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. —Jim Rohn
A good leader is a person who takes a little more than his share of the blame and a little less than his share of the credit. —John Maxwell
People buy into the leader before they buy into the vision. —John Maxwell
A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason. —J.P. Morgan
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. —Eleanor Roosevelt
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success. —Bruce Feirstein
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. —John D. Rockefeller
If you can’t explain it simply, you don’t understand it well enough. —Albert Einstein
I do not fear computers. I fear lack of them.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing. – Emo Philips
Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes. – Edsger W. Dijkstra
The computer was born to solve problems that did not exist before. – Bill Gates
Software is a gas; it expands to fill its container. – Nathan Myhrvold
Standards are always out of date.  That’s what makes them standards. – Alan Bennett
Physics is the universe’s operating system.  – Steven R Garman
It’s hardware that makes a machine fast.  It’s software that makes a fast machine slow. – Craig Bruce
The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge. – Stephen Hawking
The more you know, the more you realize you know nothing. – Socrates
Tell me and I forget.  Teach me and I remember.  Involve me and I learn. – Benjamin Franklin
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one’s ignorance. – Confucius
If people never did silly things, nothing intelligent would ever get done. – Ludwig Wittgenstein
Getting information off the Internet is like taking a drink from a fire hydrant.– Mitchell Kapor
If you think your users are idiots, only idiots will use it.– Linus Torvalds
From a programmer’s point of view, the user is a peripheral that types when you issue a read request. – P. Williams
Where is the ‘any’ key? – Homer Simpson, in response to the message, Press any key
Computers are good at following instructions, but not at reading your mind. – Donald Knuth
There is only one problem with common sense; it’s not very common. – Milt Bryce
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning. – Bill Gates
The Internet?  We are not interested in it. – Bill Gates, 1993
The best way to get accurate information on Usenet is to post something wrong and wait for corrections. – Matthew Austern
In a room full of top software designers, if two agree on the same thing, that’s a majority. – Bill Curtis
Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute.– Abelson and Sussman
We have to stop optimizing for programmers and start optimizing for users. – Jeff Atwood
Low-level programming is good for the programmer’s soul.– John Carmack
It’s OK to figure out murder mysteries, but you shouldn’t need to figure out code.  You should be able to read it.    – Steve McConnell
If we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as ‘lines produced’ but as ‘lines spent.’– Edsger Dijkstra
Programming can be fun, so can cryptography; however they should not be combined.– Kreitzberg and Shneiderman
Before software should be reusable, it should be usable.– Ralph Johnson
If you automate a mess, you get an automated mess.– Rod Michael
Looking at code you wrote more than two weeks ago is like looking at code you are seeing for the first time.– Dan Hurvitz
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.– Alan Perlis
If you have a procedure with ten parameters, you probably missed some.– Alan Perlis
Code generation, like drinking alcohol, is good in moderation.– Alex Lowe
Simplicity, carried to the extreme, becomes elegance.– Jon Franklin
A program is never less than 90% complete, and never more than 95% complete.– Terry Baker
The best way to predict the future is to implement it.– David Heinemeier Hansson
We need above all to know about changes; no one wants or needs to be reminded 16 hours a day that his shoes are on.– David Hubel
Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler.– Albert Einstein
Today, most software exists, not to solve a problem, but to interface with other software.– IO Angell
Good specifications will always improve programmer productivity far better than any programming tool or technique.– Milt Bryce
The difference between theory and practice is that in theory, there is no difference between theory and practice.– Richard Moore
Don’t document the problem, fix it.– Atli Björgvin Oddsson
As a rule, software systems do not work well until they have been used, and have failed repeatedly, in real applications.– Dave Parnas
If the code and the comments do not match, possibly both are incorrect.– Norm Schryer
I think it’s a new feature.  Don’t tell anyone it was an accident.– Larry Wall
If you don’t handle [exceptions], we shut your application down.  That dramatically increases the reliability of the system.– Anders Hejlsberg
When debugging, novices insert corrective code; experts remove defective code.– Richard Pattis
In a software project team of 10, there are probably 3 people who produce enough defects to make them net negative producers.– Gordon Schulmeyer
I think it is inevitable that people program poorly.  Training will not substantially help matters.  We have to learn to live with it.– Alan Perlis
Program testing can be a very effective way to show the presence of bugs, but is hopelessly inadequate for showing their absence.– Edsger Dijkstra
There’s no obfuscated Perl contest because it’s pointless.– Jeff Polk
Java is the most distressing thing to hit computing since MS-DOS.– Alan Kay
There are only two things wrong with C++:  The initial concept and the implementation.– Bertrand Meyer
It was a joke, okay?  If we thought it would actually be used, we wouldn’t have written it!– Mark Andreesen, speaking of the HTML tag BLINK
Web Services are like teenage sex.  Everyone is talking about doing it, and those who are actually doing it are doing it badly.– Michelle Bustamante
Perl: The only language that looks the same before and after RSA encryption.– Keith Bostic
XML is not a language in the sense of a programming language any more than sketches on a napkin are a language. – Charles Simonyi
BASIC is to computer programming as QWERTY is to typing.– Seymour Papert
It has been discovered that C++ provides a remarkable facility for concealing the trivial details of a program — such as where its bugs are.– David Keppel
UNIX is simple.  It just takes a genius to understand its simplicity.– Dennis Ritchie
Some people, when confronted with a problem, think ‘I know, I’ll use regular expressions.’  Now they have two problems.– Jamie Zawinski
The only truly secure system is one that is powered off, cast in a block of concrete and sealed in a lead-lined room with armed guards.– Gene Spafford
Being able to break security doesn’t make you a hacker anymore than being able to hotwire cars makes you an automotive engineer.– Eric Raymond
If you think technology can solve your security problems, then you don’t understand the problems and you don’t understand the technology.– Bruce Schneier
Hoaxes use weaknesses in human behavior to ensure they are replicated and distributed.  In other words, hoaxes prey on the Human Operating System.– Stewart Kirkpatrick
Passwords are like underwear: you don’t let people see it, you should change it very often, and you shouldn’t share it with strangers.– Chris Pirillo
I am not out to destroy Microsoft, that would be a completely unintended side effect.– Linus Torvalds
Yes, we have a dress code. You have to dress.– Scott McNealy, co-founder of Sun Microsystems
In an information economy, the most valuable company assets drive themselves home every night.  If they are not treated well, they do not return the next morning.– Peter Chang
It’s better to wait for a productive programmer to become available than it is to wait for the first available programmer to become productive.– Steve McConnell
I’m not one of those who think Bill Gates is the devil.  I simply suspect that if Microsoft ever met up with the devil, it wouldn’t need an interpreter.– Nicholas Petreley
Two years from now, spam will be solved.– Bill Gates, 2004
The problem of viruses is temporary and will be solved in two years.– John McAfee, 1988
Computer viruses are an urban legend.– Peter Norton, 1988
In 2031, lawyers will be commonly a part of most development teams.– Grady Booch
I don’t know what the language of the year 2000 will look like, but I know it will be called Fortran.– CA Hoare, 1982
In the future, computers may weigh no more than 1.5 tonnes.– Popular mechanics, 1949
I see little commercial potential for the Internet for at least ten years.– Bill Gates, 1994
Before man reaches the moon, mail will be delivered within hours from New York to California, to Britain, to India or Australia.– Arthur Summerfield, 1959, United States Post
The best way to predict the future is to implement it. That is the spirit that has made computers and the internet what it is today.
in a room where people think similar – not much thinking is done… =))
It’s hardware that makes a machine fast. It’s software that makes a fast machine slow.– Craig Bruce
Computers are useless.  They can only give you answers.(Pablo Picasso)
Computers are like bikinis. They save people a lot of guesswork.(Sam Ewing)
They have computers, and they may have other weapons of mass destruction.(Janet Reno)
That’s what’s cool about working with computers.  They don’t argue, they remember everything, and they don’t drink all your beer.(Paul Leary)
The question of whether computers can think is like the question of whether submarines can swim.(Edsger W. Dijkstra)
The city’s central computer told you?  R2D2, you know better than to trust a strange computer!(C3PO)
Never trust a computer you can’t throw out a window.(Steve Wozniak)
Hardware: The parts of a computer system that can be kicked.(Jeff Pesis) 
I’ve finally learned what ‘upward compatible’ means.  It means we get to keep all our old mistakes.(Dennie van Tassel)
There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX.  We don’t believe this to be a coincidence.(Jeremy S. Anderson)
19 Jan 2038 at 3:14:07 AM(End of the word according to Unix–2^32 seconds after January 1, 1970)
The Web is like a dominatrix.  Everywhere I turn, I see little buttons ordering me to Submit.(Nytwind)
Come to think of it, there are already a million monkeys on a million typewriters, and Usenet is nothing like Shakespeare.(Blair Houghton)
True innovation often comes from the small startup who is lean enough to launch a market but lacks the heft to own it.(Timm Martin)
It is not about bits, bytes and protocols, but profits, losses and margins.(Lou Gerstner) 
We are Microsoft.  Resistance Is Futile.  You Will Be Assimilated.(Bumper sticker)
The bulk of all patents are crap.  Spending time reading them is stupid.  It’s up to the patent owner to do so, and to enforce them.Linus Torvalds)
Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming.(Brian Kernigan) 
The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple.(Grady Booch)
Any fool can use a computer.  Many do.(Ted Nelson)
There are only two industries that refer to their customers as ‘users’.(Edward Tufte)
Most of you are familiar with the virtues of a programmer.  There are three, of course: laziness, impatience, and hubris.(Larry Wall)
The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late.(Seymour Cray) 
That’s the thing about people who think they hate computers.  What they really hate is lousy programmers.(Larry Niven) 
Computer science education cannot make anybody an expert programmer any more than studying brushes and pigment can make somebody an expert painter.(Eric Raymond) 
Don’t worry if it doesn’t work right.  If everything did, you’d be out of a job.(Mosher’s Law of Software Engineering)
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight.(Bill Gates)
Writing code has a place in the human hierarchy worth somewhere above grave robbing and beneath managing.(Gerald Weinberg) 
First learn computer science and all the theory.  Next develop a programming style.  Then forget all that and just hack.(George Carrette)
First, solve the problem. Then, write the code.(John Johnson)
Optimism is an occupational hazard of programming; feedback is the treatment.(Kent Beck)
To iterate is human, to recurse divine.(L. Peter Deutsch)
The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit.(Anonymous)
Should array indices start at 0 or 1?  My compromise of 0.5 was rejected without, I thought, proper consideration.(Stan Kelly-Bootle)
There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses.(Bjarne Stroustrup) 
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should therefore be regarded as a criminal offense.(E.W. Dijkstra)
I think Microsoft named .Net so it wouldn’t show up in a Unix directory listing.(Oktal)    
There is no programming language–no matter how structured–that will prevent programmers from making bad programs.(Larry Flon)
Computer language design is just like a stroll in the park.  Jurassic Park, that is.(Larry Wall)
Fifty years of programming language research, and we end up with C++?(Richard A. O’Keefe)
Writing in C or C++ is like running a chain saw with all the safety guards removed.(Bob Gray)   
In C++ it’s harder to shoot yourself in the foot, but when you do, you blow off your whole leg.(Bjarne Stroustrup)   
C++ : Where friends have access to your private members.(Gavin Russell Baker)       
If Java had true garbage collection, most programs would delete themselves upon execution.(Robert Sewell)
Software is like sex: It’s better when it’s free.(Linus Torvalds)
The only people who have anything to fear from free software are those whose products are worth even less.(David Emery)
Good code is its own best documentation.(Steve McConnell)
Any code of your own that you haven’t looked at for six or more months might as well have been written by someone else.(Eagleson’s Law) 
Good programmers use their brains, but good guidelines save us having to think out every case.(Francis Glassborow)
You can’t have great software without a great team, and most software teams behave like dysfunctional families.(Jim McCarthy)
If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in.(Edsger W. Dijkstra)
I don’t care if it works on your machine!  We are not shipping your machine!(Vidiu Platon)
Programming is like sex: one mistake and you’re providing support for a lifetime.(Michael Sinz)
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works.(Alan J. Perlis)
You can either have software quality or you can have pointer arithmetic, but you cannot have both at the same time.(Bertrand Meyer) 
Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live.(Martin Golding)
To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer.(Paul Ehrlich) 
A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history–with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila.(Mitch Radcliffe) 
Everything that can be invented has been invented. (Charles H. Duell, Commissioner, U.S. Office of Patents, 1899) 
I think there’s a world market for about 5 computers. (Thomas J. Watson, Chairman of the Board, IBM, circa 1948)
But what is it good for? (Engineer at the Advanced Computing Systems Division of IBM, commenting on the microchip, 1968)
There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home. (Ken Olson, President, Digital Equipment Corporation, 1977)
640K ought to be enough for anybody. (Bill Gates, 1981)
Windows NT addresses 2 Gigabytes of RAM, which is more than any application will ever need. (Microsoft, on the development of Windows NT, 1992)
We will never become a truly paper-less society until the Palm Pilot folks come out with WipeMe 1.0.    (Andy Pierson) 
If it keeps up, man will atrophy all his limbs but the push-button finger.(Frank Lloyd Wright) 
There are so many men who can figure costs, and so few who can measure values.  ~Author Unknown
The most dangerous kind of waste is the waste we do not recognize.  ~Shigeo Shingo
Your lean process should be a lean process.  ~Author Unknown
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.  ~Peter F. Drucker
If you need a new process and don't install it, you pay for it without getting it.  ~Ken Stork
Everything can be improved.  ~Clarence W. Barron
Willful waste brings woeful want.  ~Thomas Fuller
There are many experts on how things have been done up to now. If you think something could use a little improvement, you are the expert.  ~Robert Brault, www.robertbrault.com
Amateurs work until they get it right.  Professionals work until they can't get it wrong.  ~Author Unknown
Nature does constant value stream mapping - it's called evolution.  ~Carrie Latet
Don't waste time learning the tricks of the trade.  Instead, learn the trade.  ~James Charlton
Waste is a tax on the whole people.  ~Albert W. Atwood
When solving problems, dig at the roots instead of just hacking at the leaves.  ~Anthony J. D'Angelo, The College Blue Book
A bad system will beat a good person every time.  ~W. Edwards Deming
It is an immutable law in business that words are words, explanations are explanations, promises are promises but only performance is reality.  ~Harold Geneen
We are too busy mopping the floor to turn off the faucet.  ~Author Unknown
Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship.  ~Benjamin Franklin
It is more than probable that the average man could, with no injury to his health, increase his efficiency fifty percent.  ~Walter Scott
The essential question is not, How busy are you? but What are you busy at?  ~Oprah Winfrey
A relentless barrage of why’s is the best way to à your mind to pierce the clouded veil of thinking caused by the status quo.  Use it often.  ~Shigeo Shingo
The world we have created is a product of our thinking; it cannot be changed without changing our thinking.  ~Albert Einstein
If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else.  ~Lawrence J. Peter
Improvement usually means doing something that we have never done before.  ~Shigeo Shingo
Work expands so as to fill the time available for its completion.  ~C. Northcote Parkinson, 1958
An environment where people have to think brings with it wisdom, and this wisdom brings with it kaizen [continuous improvement].  ~Teruyuki Minoura
The impossible is often the untried.  ~Jim Goodwin
If you don't have time to do it right you must have time to do it over.  ~Author Unknown
Great ideas need landing gear as well as wings.  ~C.D. Jackson
Different isn't always better, but better is always different.  ~Author Unknown
He who rejects change is the architect of decay.  The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery.  ~Harold Wilson
Invest a few moments in thinking.  It will pay good interest.  ~Author Unknown
Don't water your weeds.  ~Harvey MacKay
You must have long-range goals to keep you from being frustrated by short-range failures.  ~Charles C. Noble
I don't like a man to be too efficient.  He's likely to be not human enough.  ~Felix Frankfurter
If all efficiency experts were laid end to end - I'd be in favor of it.  ~Al Diamond
One half of knowing what you want is knowing what you must give up before you get it.  ~Sidney Howard
I shall try to correct errors when shown to be errors, and I shall adopt new views so fast as they appear to be true views.  ~Abraham Lincoln
It is better to stir up a question without deciding it, than to decide it without stirring it up.  ~Joseph Joubert
Quality is everyone's responsibility. W. Edwards Deming 
It is not enough to do your best; you must know what to do, and then do your best. W. Edwards Deming
Profit in business comes from repeat customers, customers that boast about your project or service, and that bring friends with them. W. Edwards Deming
If you can't describe what you are doing as a process, you don't know what you're doing.W. Edwards Deming
You can not inspect quality into the product; it is already there. W. Edwards Deming
It does not happen all at once. There is no instant pudding. W. Edwards Deming
If you stay in this world, you will never learn another one. W. Edwards Deming
Does experience help? NO! Not if we are doing the wrong things. W. Edwards Deming 
The result of long-term relationships is better and better quality, and lower and lower costs.W. Edwards Deming
We are here to make another world. W. Edwards Deming
Don’t be afraid to make mistakes. Sakichi Toyoda (Osono et al 2008, 67)
If you’re 60 percent sure, take action. (Osono et al 2008, 86)
Before you say you can’t do something, try it. Sakichi Toyoda 
I have seen more failures than successes.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication- Leonardo da Vinci
Simplicity does not precede complexity, but follows it - Alan Perlis
Productivity is being able to do things that you were never able to do before - Franz Kafka
 Innovation is the process of turning ideas into manufacturable and marketable form. ~Watts Humprey
 Creativity is thinking up new things. Innovation is doing new things. ~Theodore Levitt
 Never before in history has innovation offered promise of so much to so many in so short a time. ~Bill Gates
 Great innovations should not be forced on slender majorities. ~Thomas Jefferson
 Fashion is something barbarous, for it produces innovation without reason and imitation without benefit. ~George Santayana
 You have all the reason in the world to achieve your grandest dreams. Imagination plus innovation equals realization.
 Entrepreneurs innovate. Innovation is the specific instrument of entrepreneurship. It is the act that endows resources with a new capacity to create wealth.
 The world leaders in innovation and creativity will also be world leaders in everything else. ~ Harold R. McAlindon
 Innovation is not the product of logical thought, although the result is tied to logical structure. ~ Albert Einstein
On n'innove jamais seul dans son coin Areva Innovation Motto
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.
L’innovation systématique requiert la volonté de considérer le changement comme une opportunité.rPeter Drucker
Life would be so much easier if we only had the source code.
Men are from Mars. Women are from Venus. Computers are from hell.
Computer are like air conditioners: they stop working when you open windows.
Like car accidents, most hardware problems are due to driver error.
If you put fences around people, you get sheep. Give people the room they need. William L. McKnight, McKnight Foundation founder and former 3M CEO
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. Steve Jobs 
Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works.Steve Jobs 
I want to put a ding in the universe.  Steve Jobs 
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. Steve Jobs 
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations.  Steve Jobs 
You can't just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get it built, they'll want something new.  Steve Jobs 
Stay Hungry. Stay Foolish. - Steve Jobs ( famous Standford speech )
On a toujours le choix. On est même la somme de ses choix. Joseph O’Connor –
I didn't know it was impossible when I did it - anomynous
He who moves not forward, goes backward. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe 
All that is human must retrograde if it does not advance.  Edward Gibbon 
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible. Voltaire
I try. I fail. I try again. I fail better. Samuel Beckett 
Experience is not what happens to a man; it is what a man does with what happens to him. Aldous Huxley 
Take care of the large problems and the small ones will tend not to bother you. anonymous
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers. - Pablo Picasso 
Nobody is perfect, but a team can be - Meredith Belbin
Necessity is the mother of invention - Plato
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning. - Albert Einstein
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. Albert Einstein 
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. Albert Einstein 
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. Albert Einstein 
The only source of knowledge is experience. Albert Einstein 
Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler. Albert Einstein 
Information is not knowledge. Albert Einstein
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. Thomas A. Edison 
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. Thomas A. Edison 
Algorithmic complexity for structured programmers: All algorithms are O(f(n)), where f is someone else’s responsibility. – Peter Cooper
Fact: 48% of IE7 usage comes from developers checking that their site works in IE7. – @iamdevloper
Programmers don’t burn out on hard work, they burn out on change-with-the-wind directives and not ‘shipping’. – Mark Berry
I’ve known people who have not mastered their tools who are good programmers, but not a tool master who remained a mediocre programmer. – Kent Beck
There are two types of people in this world: those who understand recursion and those who don’t understand that there are two types of people in this world.
Daddy, how is software made? Well, when a programmer loves an idea very much they stay up all night and then push to github the next day. – Sam Kottler 
Software developers like to solve problems. If there are no problems handily available, they will create their own problems.
The problem with quick and dirty, is that the dirty remains long after the quick has been forgotten – Steve C. McConnell
Prolific developers don’t always write a lot of code, instead they solve a lot of problems. The two things are not the same. – J. Chambers
A programmer’s wife tells him: go to store. pick up a loaf of bread. If they have eggs, get a dozen. The programmer returns with 12 loaves.
Bad programmers have all the answers. Good testers have all the questions. – Gil Zilberfeld
Our job is to tell you your baby is ugly! – Software Testers
The best TDD can do, is assure that code does what the programmer thinks it should do. That is pretty good BTW. – James Grenning
The bitterness of poor quality remains long after the sweetness of meeting the schedule has been forgotten. – Anonymous
One bad programmer can easily create two new jobs a year. – David Parnas
Don’t document bad code — rewrite it. – Kernighan and Plauger
3 Errors walk into a bar. The barman says, normally I’d Throw you all out, but tonight I’ll make an Exception. – @iamdevloper
Weeks of programming can save you hours of planning. - Anonymous
If you think it’s expensive to hire a professional, wait until you hire an amateur.
Programming can be fun, so can cryptography; however they should not be combined. -Kreitzberg and Shneiderman
The proper use of comments is to compensate for our failure to express ourself in code.
My definition of an expert in any field is a person who knows enough about what’s really going on to be scared.
First, solve the problem. Then, write the code.
Programming is not a zero-sum game. Teaching something to a fellow programmer doesn’t take it away from you.
One of my most productive days was throwing away 1000 lines of code.
When in doubt, use brute force.
Deleted code is debugged code.
The most effective debugging tool is still careful thought, coupled with judiciously placed print statements.
Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming.
Life is too short to run proprietary software.
The central enemy of reliability is complexity.
Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
The unavoidable price of reliability is simplicity.
You can’t trust code that you did not totally create yourself.
Compatibility means deliberately repeating other people’s mistakes.
Debugging time increases as a square of the program’s size.
Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable.
The best code is no code at all.
No code is faster than no code.
Program testing can be a very effective way to show the presence of bugs, but is hopelessly inadequate for showing their absence.
Parkinson’s Law  Work expands so as to fill the time available for its completion.
Code never lies, comments sometimes do.
If we’d asked the customers what they wanted, they would have said faster horses.
With diligence it is possible to make anything run slowly.
Software obeys the law of gaseous expansion – it continues to grow until memory is completely filled.
A distributed system is one in which the failure of a computer you didn’t even know existed can render your own computer unusable.
The proper use of comments is to compensate for our failure to express ourself in code.
Incorrect documentation is often worse than no documentation.
Security is a state of mind.